# Chosen factors
Here I'll put the 15 factors that I belive indicate the quantity/quality of someone's social interactions

Insperations: 
https://www.cigna.com/knowledge-center/chronic-loneliness
https://www.everydayhealth.com/depression-pictures/are-you-lonelier-than-you-realize.aspx
https://growtherapy.com/blog/how-to-tell-if-lonely-signs-and-symptoms/
https://mhanational.org/your-child-lonely-parents



Format: 
Question - variable number - short ver 

Variable list start:

Pulled from the 1976-1992-cb.pdf
How many brothers and sisters do you have? (Include step-brothers and sisters and half-brothers and sisters.) - V17 - # SIBLINGS

Which of the following people live in the same household with you? Sibiling - V18 - R'S HSHLD ALONE

Which of the following people live in the same household with you? Non-relative - V26 - R'S HSHLD NONRLT

DS2: Form 1 Data
How satisfied are you with... A006F: Your friends and other people you spend time with? - V1646 - SAT OWN FRIENDS

How satisfied are you with... A006G: The way you get along with your parents? - V1647 - SAT GT ALNG PRN
Generally speaking, would you say that most people can be trusted or 
that you can't be too careful in dealing with people? -  V1669 - PPL CAN B TRSTD

When you used alcohol during the last year,
how often did you use it in each of the following situations? 
(Mark one circle for each line.) B008A: When you were alone -  V1217 - X/YR ALC ALONE


DS1 - Core Data
Which of the following people live in the same household with you? 
(Mark ALL that apply.) B. Father (or male guardian) - V155 - R'S HSHLD FATHER

Which of the following people live in the same household with you? 
(Mark ALL that apply.) C. Mother (or female guardian) - V156 - R'S HSHLD MOTHER

During a typical week, on how many evenings do you go out for fun and recreation? - V194 - #X/AV WK GO OUT


DS6 - Form 5 Data
A lot of times I feel lonely - V5313 - OFTN FEEL LONELY



DS3 - Form 2 Data
How often do you do each of the following? 
(Mark one circle for each line.) A02K: Get together with friends, informally - V2219 - DALY VIST W/FRDS








In this study we attempt to create a model that predicts the political leaning of an adolecent 
based on the quality and quantity of thier social interations. Initially we assume that lonlier 
peope will tend to vote towards the conservative party in the US. 

Our work flow is as follows :

    1. Reseach symptoms of a lack of quality and healthy quality of social interation, ie. loneliness
    2. Find questions that match up with the symptoms
    3. Find the most important questions (variables) 
        3.1 Lasso Regularization
    4. Build a classification model 
    5. Analyse the result

2.
In order to find appropriate variables for out analysis, we needed to find the right symptoms 
to look for in our data. Naturally, this led us to look for symptoms of loneliness. This led 
us to find the following variables from our data set:

1. How many brothers and sisters do you have? (Include step-brothers and sisters and half-brothers and sisters.) - V49 - # SIBLINGS
2. Which of the following people live in the same household with you? Sibling - V1157-V6157 - R'S HSHLD ALONE
3. How satisfied are you with... A006F: Your friends and other people you spend time with? - V1646 - SAT OWN FRIENDS
4. How satisfied are you with... A006G: The way you get along with your parents? - V1647 - SAT GT ALNG PRN
5. Which of the following people live in the same household with you? 
(Mark ALL that apply.) B. Father (or male guardian) - V1155-V6155 - R'S HSHLD FATHER
7. Which of the following people live in the same household with you? 
(Mark ALL that apply.) C. Mother (or female guardian) - V1156-V6156 - R'S HSHLD MOTHER
8. A lot of times I feel lonely - V5313 - OFTN FEEL LONELY

By cross referenceing the total collecetions of symptoms we extracted from out reseach to the
available questions asked in the overall dataset, we ended our hunt relevant variables with 
10 key variables. 


3.
Once we had an abundance of variables to works with. 


